well howdy there internet people its Bo
again we've got kind of a heavy subject
tonight in Ohio there's an 11 year old
girl she was allegedly raped by 26 year
old she's pregnant so she's gonna be a
mom I can say that with certainty
because the governor and the legislature
of the state of Ohio took that choice
away from her they removed that option
took a right off the table now I don't
want to talk about her specifically
because we don't know she may want to
carry this child she may be from a
family of means and everything's going
to work out it's gonna be fine it's
possible but there will be the next
11-year old because that's the society
we live in in part because the
legislators of this country are more
interested in regulating stuff like this
then they are making sure that you know
rape kits get tested so at 11 years old
that next eleven-year-old while her
brain is still developing she's
beginning to understand that the world
isn't black and white and that their
shades of gray to it but she may not
fully understand the consequences of her
actions she's got a good grasp on right
and wrong but the emotional turmoil that
she's going through disrupts the
execution of that sometimes she's
beginning to understand that her
behavior impacts others beginning to
understand that she wants to spend more
time with her friends less time with her
family she's self-conscious about her
appearance her body it's about the time
that eating disorder substance abuse
self-harm those things start to show up
she finds it hard to resist peer
pressure this period has been described
as a rollercoaster of distress and
happiness she needs nine to eleven hours
of sleep a night not the ideal candidate
for motherhood not the ideal candidate
to be dealing with an infant man that's
a lot it's a lot when you really think
about it now there is some good news for
it some good news for that next
eleven-year-old least if she's in Ohio
because there's a true of all states as
long as this guy's convicted of rape or
sexual battery and she goes through
court well he won't get parental rights
but if he's not convicted or the charge
gets knocked back or she's in another
state well he might he'll deal with him
the rest of her life this is the result
of poorly written laws with that intent
that are really set out to play to a
base rather than accomplish anything
because you're not gonna legislate
abortion out of existence it's not gonna
happen I mean you're gonna succeed in
making it unsafe creating a black market
and it's going to disproportionately
affect those that are disadvantaged
economically because those with means
will they'll just leave the state
they'll just go on vacation so it will
be mainly the poor kids that are having
kids makes sense that's definitely a way
to build a great society
I know somebody out there right now is
going you know there's another life at
stake they wrote this law in Ohio to
basically stop anything before or after
six weeks six weeks the embryos less
than an inch long it's not the same and
to prove it's not the same how we'll use
the same example I have used before if I
have a jar with hundred of those embryos
in it and I've got a toddler named
Billie in this hand I'm hanging them
both off a cliff you get to pick which
one I drop the only question I have is
what kind of ice cream er you get a by
Billy because everybody's gonna tell me
to drop that jar it's not the same it is
not the same and in this case there is
another kid at stake 11 years old 11
year old who is beginning unlike a lot
of the country to understand that the
world is not black and white there's a
whole bunch of shades of gray out there
and when you cast it as black and white
this is what happens anyway it seems
like a whole lot to put on an 11-year
old to me it's just a fault y'all have a
good night